Add troubleshooting of Storage Network (#606)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/storagenetwork.md

Omitted...
```

#### Step 4

> The Storage Network relys on the external network to work. When the external network is not ready, you may encounter those errors:

Reviewer: Can you describe the use of "external network" in more detail? A storage network is typically an internal and dedicated network to the cluster nodes for storage traffic.

Author: @bk201 Please refer the two pictures on https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/advanced/storagenetwork#same-physical-interfaces, the storage network are physically connected by those external switchs/routers, user needs to configure them correctly. One customer had ever reported such issue and finally toubleshooted that their switchs were not configured well.

Reviewer 2: I feel we could elaborate more on the paragraph. Generally, the storage network is a particular case of VM Networks (NADs). They all involve uplink configuration and rely on the network infrastructure to provide connectivity. The only requirement is that the Cluster Network the storage network is associated with must have full coverage across the entire cluster. That connectivity is also provided by the network infrastructure because Harvester nodes are not directly connected to each other. To make it easier to grasp, we could focus on the main idea of L2 connectivity that must be ensured, which implies the user has to configure the network infrastructure accordingly.

With that said, it's okay to leave the term "external network". But I think the reference link should be https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.3/networking/deep-dive#external-networking

Author: I updated the statement & link on Step 4, please take another look, thanks.

    - The newly created VM stucks at `Not-Ready`.

    - The `longhorn-manager` pod has such error logs:

```
longhorn-manager-j6dhh/longhorn-manager.log:2024-03-20T16:25:24.662251001Z time="2024-03-20T16:25:24Z" level=error msg="Failed rebuilding of replica 10.0.16.26:10000" controller=longhorn-engine engine=pvc-0a151c59-ffa9-4938-9c86-59ebb296bc88-e-c2a7fe77 error="proxyServer=10.52.6.33:8501 destination=10.0.16.23:10000: failed to add replica tcp://10.0.16.26:10000 for volume: rpc error: code = Unknown desc = failed to get replica 10.0.16.26:10000: rpc error: code = Unavailable desc = all SubConns are in TransientFailure, latest connection error: connection error: desc = \"transport: Error while dialing dial tcp 10.0.16.26:10000: connect: no route to host\"" node=oml-harvester-9 volume=pvc-0a151c59-ffa9-4938-9c86-59ebb296bc88
```

> Follow the steps below to test the communication between Longhorn pods.
> 
> 4.1 Get the pod Storage Network IP from the above step.
> 
> ```
> Example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To test the communication between Longhorn pods, perform the following steps:

4.1 Obtain the storage network IP of each Longhorn Instance Manager pod identified in the previous step.

Example:
```

Reviewer 3: The word *Example:* should appear before the code block.

instance-manager-r-43f1624d14076e1d95cd72371f0316e2
Storage Network IP: 10.0.16.8

instance-manager-e-ba38771e483008ce61249acf9948322f
Storage Network IP: 10.0.16.14
```

> 4.2 Login to those two pods.
> 
> From the command `ip addr`, you should observe two ip addresses same as the pod annotations, one for pod network and another for Storage Network.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4.2 Log in to those pods.

When you run the command `ip addr`, the output includes IPs that are identical to IPs in the pod annotations. In the following example, one IP is for the pod network, while the other is for the storage network.

Example:
```

$ ip addr
1: lo: <LOOPBACK,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 65536 qdisc noqueue state UNKNOWN group default qlen 1000
    link/loopback 00:00:00:00:00:00 brd 00:00:00:00:00:00
    inet 127.0.0.1/8 scope host lo
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    inet6 ::1/128 scope host
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
3: eth0@if2277: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1450 qdisc noqueue state UP group default
    link/ether 0e:7c:d6:77:44:72 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0
    inet 10.52.6.146/32 scope global eth0
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    inet6 fe80::c7c:d6ff:fe77:4472/64 scope link
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
4: lhnet1@if2278: <BROADCAST,MULTICAST,UP,LOWER_UP> mtu 1500 qdisc noqueue state UP group default
    link/ether fe:92:4f:fb:dd:20 brd ff:ff:ff:ff:ff:ff link-netnsid 0
    inet 10.0.16.14/20 brd 10.0.31.255 scope global lhnet1
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever
    inet6 fe80::fc92:4fff:fefb:dd20/64 scope link
       valid_lft forever preferred_lft forever

$ ip route
default via 169.254.1.1 dev eth0
10.0.16.0/20 dev lhnet1 proto kernel scope link src 10.0.16.14
169.254.1.1 dev eth0 scope link
```

> 4.3 Start a simple http server in one pod.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4.3 Start a simple HTTP server in one pod.

Example:
```

```
Example:

$ python3 -m http.server 8000 --bind 10.0.16.14 (replace with your pod Storage Network IP)
```

:::note

> Explicitly bind the simple http server to Storage Network IP.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Explicitly bind the simple HTTP server to the storage network IP.
```

:::

> 4.4 Test the http server in another pod:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4.4 Test the HTTP server in another pod.

Example:
```

```
Example:

From instance-manager-r-43f1624d14076e1d95cd72371f0316e2 (IP 10.0.16.8)

$ curl http://10.0.16.14:8000
```

> 4.5 Troubleshooting
> 
> When Storage Network works correctly, the `curl` will return a list of files under the http server.
> 
> If not, troubleshooting your external network, for example:
> 
> - The Storage Network related physical Nics on Harvester nodes are added to the same VLAN in the external switchs.
> 
> - The external switchs are correctly connected and configured.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the storage network is functioning correctly, the `curl` command returns a list of files on the HTTP server.

4.5 (Optional) Troubleshoot issues.

The storage network may malfunction because of issues with the external network, such as the following:

- Physical NICs (installed on Harvester nodes) that are associated with the storage network were not added to the same VLAN in the external switches.

- The external switches are not correctly connected and configured.
```

Reviewer 3: I moved the info about the curl command to step 4.4 (after the code block). Step 4.5 should focus on troubleshooting. I changed the wording in the list to describe *issues* that users should watch out for.

Author: Great, thanks.

Omitted...
```

#### Step 4

The storage network is dedicated to [internal communication between Longhorn pods](#same-physical-interfaces), resulting in high performance and reliability. However, the storage network still relies on the [external network infrastructure](../networking/deep-dive.md#external-networking) for connectivity (similar to how the [VM VLAN network](../networking/harvester-network.md#create-a-vm-with-vlan-network) functions). When the external network is not connected and configured correctly, you may encounter the following issues:

    - The newly created VM becomes stuck at the `Not-Ready` state.

    - The `longhorn-manager` pod logs include error messages.

>     Example:

Reviewer 2: The rendering still has issues. Might need to fix the indent.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46ef69dd-6320-497f-b69a-372e9d72da96)

Author: The updated doc will look like:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf838493-199f-4c98-ab62-20b07ba822fd)
